Add examples for Graph Analytics Cypher API and Python client (#61)
neo4j-graph-examples/get-started: documentation/graph-analytics.adoc

== Graph Analytics with the Python client

Compared to the Cypher API, the Python client adds the option to run algorithms on data from non-Neo4j data sources such as Pandas DataFrames.

To use the Graph Analytics features in Neo4j Aura with Python, you need to install the `graphdatascience` package.

[source, bash, copy=true]
----
pip install graphdatascience
----

The entry point for managing Aura Graph Analytics sessions is the `GdsSessions` class.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
from graphdatascience.session import GdsSessions, AuraAPICredentials

CLIENT_ID = "<Aura API Client ID>"
CLIENT_SECRET = "<Aura API Client Secret>"
PROJECT_ID = None
# Create a new GdsSessions object
sessions = GdsSessions(api_credentials=AuraAPICredentials(CLIENT_ID, CLIENT_SECRET, PROJECT_ID))
----

Use the `sessions` object to create an Aura Graph Analytics session.

In the following example, the session is attached to an AuraDB instance.
Here the username and password are the credentials of your AuraDB instance, _not_ your Aura API credentials.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
from graphdatascience.session import DbmsConnectionInfo, SessionMemory

> db_connection = DbmsConnectionInfo(

Reviewer: I'd used named arguments here:
```
db_connection = DbmsConnectionInfo(
     uri="<AuraDB instance URI>",
     username="<AuraDB username>",
     password="<AuraDB password>"
)
```

     "<AuraDB instance URI>",
     "<AuraDB username>",
     "<AuraDB password>"
)

gds = sessions.get_or_create(
    session_name="my-session",
    memory=SessionMemory.m_4GB,
    db_connection=db_connection,
)
----

With the session ready, add some data to the AuraDB instance with the `run_cypher` method using the Cypher query from the _Requirements_ section.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
gds.run_cypher("""
    CREATE

>     ...

Reviewer: I'd copy the cypher verbatim here again, easier to follow along.

== Introduction

link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/graph-analytics[Graph Analytics^] allows you to run graph algorithms on your data, for example to detect communities or shortest paths between nodes.

== Requirements

You must create link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/api/authentication/[Aura API credentials] to use Aura Graph Analytics.

== Graph Analytics with Cypher

Add data to your AuraDB instance using the following Cypher query.

[source, cypher, copy=true]
----
CREATE
  (a:User {name: 'Alice'}),
  (b:User {name: 'Bob'}),
  (c:User {name: 'Charlie'}),
  (d:User {name: 'Dan'}),
  (e:User {name: 'Eve'}),
  (f:User {name: 'Frank'}),
  (a)-[:LINK]->(b),
  (a)-[:LINK]->(c),
  (c)-[:LINK]->(e),
  (e)-[:LINK]->(d),
  (e)-[:LINK]->(f)
----

Then, create a remote in-memory graph within an Aura Graph Analytics session using a _remote projection_.

[source, cypher, copy=true]
----
CYPHER runtime=parallel
WITH gds.aura.api.credentials("<Aura API Client ID>", "<Aura API Client Secret>") AS credentials
MATCH (n)
OPTIONAL MATCH (n)-->(m)
RETURN gds.graph.project('myGraph', n, m, {}, {memory: '4GB'})

> ----

Author: Yes, that's not necessary with the Cypher API.

     username="<AuraDB username>",
     password="<AuraDB password>"
)

gds = sessions.get_or_create(
    session_name="my-session",
    memory=SessionMemory.m_4GB,
    db_connection=db_connection,
)
----

With the session ready, add some data to the AuraDB instance with the `run_cypher` method.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
gds.run_cypher("""
    CREATE
      (a:User {name: 'Alice'}),
      (b:User {name: 'Bob'}),
      (c:User {name: 'Charlie'}),
      (d:User {name: 'Dan'}),
      (e:User {name: 'Eve'}),
      (f:User {name: 'Frank'}),
      (a)-[:LINK]->(b),
      (a)-[:LINK]->(c),
      (c)-[:LINK]->(e),
      (e)-[:LINK]->(d),
      (e)-[:LINK]->(f)
""")
----

Then, create the remote graph `G` and run PageRank on it.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
G, result = gds.graph.project(
    graph_name="my-graph",
    query="""
        CALL {
          MATCH (n)
          OPTIONAL MATCH (n)-->(m)
          RETURN n, m
        }
        RETURN gds.graph.project.remote(n, m, {})
    """,
)

gds.pageRank.stream(G)
----

Finally, delete the session when you no longer need it.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
sessions.delete(session_name="my-session")

> ----

Reviewer 2: This could also be `gds.delete()`

Author: Yes, although I thought we explicitly described and used the `sessions` object so it may be worth using it again. The client docs make it clear that you can do both.
What would be the preferred option from your side?

Reviewer 2: I prefer the shorter one.

Author: Sounds good. I'll rename `gds` to `my_session` to make it clearer.

== Requirements

You must create link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/api/authentication/[Aura API credentials] to use Aura Graph Analytics.

Optionally, you can create an example dataset in your Neo4j database using the following Cypher query.

[source, cypher, copy=true]
----
CREATE
  (a:User {name: 'Alice'}),
  (b:User {name: 'Bob'}),
  (c:User {name: 'Charlie'}),
  (d:User {name: 'Dan'}),
  (e:User {name: 'Eve'}),
  (f:User {name: 'Frank'}),
  (a)-[:LINK]->(b),
  (a)-[:LINK]->(c),
  (c)-[:LINK]->(e),
  (e)-[:LINK]->(d),
  (e)-[:LINK]->(f)
----

== Graph Analytics with Cypher

Add data to your AuraDB instance using the Cypher query from the _Requirements_ section.
Then, create a remote in-memory graph within an Aura Graph Analytics session using a _remote projection_.

[source, cypher, copy=true]
----
CYPHER runtime=parallel
WITH gds.aura.api.credentials("<Aura API Client ID>", "<Aura API Client Secret>") AS credentials
MATCH (n)
OPTIONAL MATCH (n)-->(m)
RETURN gds.graph.project('myGraph', n, m, {}, {memory: '4GB'})
----

> Once the graph is created, you can run any graph algorithms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the graph is created, you can run all supported graph algorithms.
```
We currently do not support all algorithms the plugin supports. Not sure if we need to mention this here

[source, python, copy=true]
----
from graphdatascience.session import DbmsConnectionInfo, SessionMemory

db_connection = DbmsConnectionInfo(
     uri="<AuraDB instance URI>",
     username="<AuraDB username>",
     password="<AuraDB password>"
)

gds = sessions.get_or_create(
    session_name="my-session",
    memory=SessionMemory.m_4GB,
    db_connection=db_connection,
)
----

With the session ready, add some data to the AuraDB instance with the `run_cypher` method using the Cypher query from the _Requirements_ section.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
gds.run_cypher("""
    CREATE
      (a:User {name: 'Alice'}),
      (b:User {name: 'Bob'}),
      (c:User {name: 'Charlie'}),
      (d:User {name: 'Dan'}),
      (e:User {name: 'Eve'}),
      (f:User {name: 'Frank'}),
      (a)-[:LINK]->(b),
      (a)-[:LINK]->(c),
      (c)-[:LINK]->(e),
      (e)-[:LINK]->(d),
      (e)-[:LINK]->(f)
""")
----

Then, create the remote graph `G` and run PageRank on it.

[source, python, copy=true]
----
G, result = gds.graph.project(
    graph_name="my-graph",
    query="""
        CALL {
          MATCH (n)
          OPTIONAL MATCH (n)-->(m)
          RETURN n, m
        }

>         RETURN gds.graph.project.remote(n, m, {})

Author: I wasn't sure either, but we do this explicitly in the client. From the [client docs](https://neo4j.com/docs/graph-data-science-client/current/graph-analytics-serverless/#_remote_projection_query_syntax):

```
The gds.graph.project.remote() function must be used, instead of the gds.graph.project() function.
```

That's the bit I'd like be sure and agree upon.

>         RETURN gds.graph.project.remote(n, m, {})

Reviewer 2: I think we do this in the client docs because we want to promote the pattern. It can be helpful when the projection query becomes more complex
